# DIF Applied Crypto WG â€“ Rolling Agenda & Minutes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/FdDDhUXkQdq2Iglrsfq-7g/badge)](https://hackmd.io/FdDDhUXkQdq2Iglrsfq-7g)

 

[WG projects](https://github.com/topics/wg-crypto) | [DIF page](https://identity.foundation/working-groups/crypto.html) | [Mailing list](https://lists.identity.foundation/g/crypto-wg) | [Recordings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wgccmMvIImx30qVE9GhRKWWv3vmL2ZyUauuKx3IfRmA/edit#gid=339046779)

_For this call, you are encouraged to turn your video on. This is a good way to build rapport given we are a large, disparate group experiencing a lot of churn._

_This document is live-edited DURING each call, or shortly after the call, and stable/authoritative copies live on our github repo under /agenda.md .
Please note that we might not notice a pullrequest in time, but you are free to propose agenda items for future meetings via hackmd._

<details>
<summary> Meeting information - <b>3pm ET odd Thursdays</b></summary>
- Before your contribute - [**join DIF**](https://identity.foundation/join) and [sign the WG charter](https://bit.ly/DIF-WG-select1) (both are required!)
- Time: 3pm ET, time in ET
- [Calendar entry](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=M2c5ZnRnZWFnbWxqdm9tOG5ncXNzMm1wYnJfMjAyMTA2MjRUMTkwMDAwWiBkZWNlbnRyYWxpemVkLmlkZW50aXR5QG0&tmsrc=decentralized.identity%40gmail.com&scp=ALL)
- [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87960900967?pwd=Ti9KWXpyR0dkKzhEQ0lTTVkxOE1WQT09), Meeting ID: 879 6090 0967 , Password: 045023
</details>

## Meeting - Thursday 19th August 2021 - (3pm ET)

### Chair
Srinath Setty

### Agenda
- IPR reminder, Agenda Review, and Introductions 
- [Proposal Review](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pulls)

### Attendees

- Tobias Looker
- Charles Lehner
- Brent Zundel
- Steve Todd
- David Huseby
- Srinath Setty
- Andreas Freitag
- Andrew Whitehead
- Jeremie Miller
- Mike Lodder
- Daniel Buchner

### Notes
- Accepted and Merged [Data Encoding Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/6)
    - [Early Draft Problem Statement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10aHfefNVBrzFOiQ3--Ri7lMzwNqVOYsQqJal17uodvA/edit?usp=sharing)
- Accepted and Merged [Service Protocol Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/7)
- Skipping PRs 8,9,10,11,12 so they can be re-organized
- Accepted and Merged [Policy-as-code language Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/13)
- Need Orie to approve changes on [delegateable anonymous credentials Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/14)
- Need a co-owner for [distributed zkp authentication Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/15)
- Accepted and Merged [BoF effort around secure software supply chain Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/16)
- Discussed, Accepted and Merged [BBS Signatures Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/21)
- Discussed, Accepted and Merged [JSON Web Proof Proposal](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/pull/23)

## Previous Meetings

- [Thursday 5th August 2021](./meetings/05-08-2021/agenda.md)
- [Thursday 24th June 2021](./meetings/24-06-2021/agenda.md)
- [Thursday 8th July 2021](./meetings/08-07-2021/agenda.md)
- [Thursday 22nd July 2021](./meetings/22-07-2021/agenda.md)
